Docs 3439 scale 22.02 reorg update directory services articles (#1628)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/Credentials/DirectoryServices/ActiveDirectory.md

---
title: "Active Directory"
geekdocCollapseSection: true
weight: 10
aliases:
  - /scale/credentials/directoryservices/activedirectoryscale/
  - /scale/credentials/directoryservices/ldapscale/
  - /scale/credentials/directoryservices/idmapscale/
  - /scale/credentials/directoryservices/kerberosscale/
---

{{< toc >}}

Click **Configure Active Directory** in **Credentials > Directory Services** to open the **Active Directory** form.

> ![DirectoryServicesActiveDirectoryForm](/images/SCALE/22.02/DirectoryServicesActiveDirectoryForm.png "Active Directory Form")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![DirectoryServicesActiveDirectoryForm](/images/SCALE/22.02/DirectoryServicesActiveDirectoryForm.png "Active Directory Form")
Image is too small?
```

### Basic Options

| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **Domain Name** | Enter the Active Directory domain (example.com) or child domain (sales.example.com). |
| **Domain Account Name** | Enter the Active Directory administrator account name. |
| **Domain Account Password** | Password for the Active Directory administrator account. Required the first time a domain is configured. After initial configuration, the password is not needed to edit, start, or stop the service. |
| **Enable (requires password or Kerberos principal)** | Enable the Active Directory service. The first time this option is set, the Domain Account Password must be entered. |

### Advanced Options

| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **Verbose Logging** | Logs attempts to join the domain in /var/log/messages. |

> | **Allow Trusted Domains** | When set, usernames do not include a domain name. Unset to prepend domain names to user names. Unsetting this option prevents username collisions when there are identical usernames across multiple domains. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Allow Trusted Domains** | When selected, usernames do not include a domain name. Clear to prepend domain names to user names. Clearing this option prevents username collisions when there are identical usernames across multiple domains. |
```
